RISE AND SHINE -A board game of mail delivery in a Ghibli world.

Players: 2-5, with a focus on 4. Main Mechanics: Pick Up and Delivery, Point to Point Movement, Deck/Pool Building, and Hand Management
 
Theme Summary: The sun is rising, birds are chirping, and people need to get their mail
delivered! Take a day long journey with one of your Delivery Workers, going
across the countryside to meet the people, get their mail and make sure it gets
to where it needs to go! You'll be working with others to make sure that not one
package is left behind, whether through sleep or snow or even if you need to get
to the flying castle!

Work Hard, Race the Sun, and maybe you can be the Employee of the Month by delivering the most mail!

Short Spiel: A Light-Middleweight Game that is meant to be played in 30-60 minutes, Rise and Shine is meant to be played with friends. The primary inspirations thematically are Kiki's Delivery Service, Castle in the Sky, Flying Witch and Kill 6 Billion Demons. MEchanically, this is an exercise to take Mage Knight, Renegade and Concordia and distill them down to a more intro-weight level game, while also being able to build a world that the players can inhabit. 

Objective: Deliver the most amount of mail for

Components List: 
5x Player Boards: The Oni, The Dwarf Couple, The Three Witches, The Four Halflings, The Five Goblins. Each of these Includes 8 SPACES for MAIL, and 6 of which are filled at the beginning of the Game by ROUTE MARKERS. 
30x Route Markers: These tokens are used to mark a spot on the board that the player knows the Way of, letting them MOVE on it for free. Others can MOVE on it by for free paying the Owner 1 gold. 
5x Map Boards: Of 5 different Colors, and each space numbered 1-5. This is where MAIL will pop up, and where it needs to be DELIVERED. Each SPACE counts as 1 SPACE. 
35x Starting Players Cards: To be Described in the +PlayerCard+ section. 
XXX Delivery Cards: A two Sides cards. The "Back" has the PICK UP Location and the owner. The "Front" will have the DELIVERY Location, and the item being delivered. 
XXX Player Cards: Cards available for purchase by the players, these offer more versatility and efficiency in their Mail Delivery jobs!

Mail Tokens: Not component Limited. These mark on the SPACE that people's mail will be available for pick up. 
Gold: Not Component Limited. Used as first Tie breaker, and to purchase additional Cards. Players get 2 gold for each succesful delivery. 

Average Game Round:
1) Player chooses a card from their hand to play, putting it face up in their discard pile. 
2) Player performs all of the actions on their card, including all results of it. 
3) Play passes to the next player Clockwise. 

Players Cards:
Universal Player Card Traits: Each card's action is entirely optional. Some may have 1 Action or 2, and they may be taken in either order. 
Card with traits like Move 3 should read as "Move up to 2." The player may decide to only move 1 space, but they cannot split the movement up into different actions. 
Each action must be fully completed/passed to use the other action. 
e.g "Aimee plays a Move 2, Pick Up Mail" card. She decides to use the Move 2 first, moving the single space to go to Blue-3. She then Picks up the mail on Blue-3, ending her turn."

STARTING CARDS:
Pick Up Mail/Move 1: The player may pick up as much mail on their square as they wish, taking the available card from the Delivery row. DO NOT REPLACE the now empty spot. Each piece of Mail will take up one open space on their Player Board. Any that do not fit are left on the game board. They may also Move 1 space. 
Deliver: The Player may deliver all applicable mail to the space they are in, gaining 1 gold for each delivered piece. 
New Order!: The player may a card of the Delivery Row directly to their inventory. They must have space for the new piece of mail on their Player Board. After, they replenish all empty spots on the Delivery Row, gaining 1 gold for each spot filled. 
Move 2/Route Build: The player may move 2. They may also spend 3 gold to build a route on the game board. Only one route may be on a space at a time. When moving to a Space with a Route on it, the player owner does not need to spend a Move Point on it. Other players may also benefit from this Route by playing the Owning player 1 gold for each Route used in a movement. 
Copy: The player may copy the top card of another player's discard pile, following all rules for the copied card!
Training: The player may buy 1 card from the Player Card Purchase are for its cost. It goes into the discard underneath this card. 
Recovery: Take a snack break, enjoy the breeze. The player takes their entire discard into their hand. They then gain 1 gold for each card beyond the 3rd. Eg: If Aimee plays recovery, and have 5 cards in her discard. She will pick up 5 cards, and gain 2 gold for it. 




Weird Other Stuff!
-First Player is the last person to send a hand written letter, following by who was the last person to receive one. 
-Ties are broken first by Gold. IF they are still tied, the first person to send the player in Last Place a handwritten note wins. 

Potential Expansion of Rules
-Set collection, deliver the most robot mail, witch mail, etc. 
-Travel to specific landmarks on the map. 
